hi today I'm going to teach you how to
get free apps on Android and android
phone we have three free paid apps so
you don't need to download anything it's
just a website where you're going and
search for the app and download it
install it's a pretty simple just to
first go to the Internet okay then go
search for four shared.com for sh รก r ed
calm and then go for that it will know
that mobile the inside and then just go
to the search bar no don't notice then
this this is working for almost every
android phone then you go to search for
the app your one and well I want to jump
then I search for dual jump and then dot
APK because the name of the android apps
the file name of the android apps is 8
APK if you searching just for doodle
jump then it will also find for iphone
IPA files yeah here's the camel enlist a
friend how many that comes but dual cam
bizarre famous game would what do you
call and then you just take dual cam for
android 1.5 or dual diem for android 2.0
or higher I take that because I got it
android 2.2 then you need to wait
20 seconds as you can see oh sorry yeah
as you can see and yeah then it's
finished and you're going to press on
click here to download this file yes and
then this screen will come downloading
and then when it's done this screen is
here on the eye android 2.2 is the
screen but no will this screen and
Android then press on that app and
install no press ok I already got this
so i will change i will save it
installed it again and then you just
press install then we'll install duel
camp it's pretty simple ok app installed
then you can press done and open yeah i
normally press done and then i go to the
home screen and go to the menu oh sorry
go down menu and here it is don't jump
and yeah here you go you can do that for
every app i can try another if you want
go and search for
let's go search for wait a second
oh what a sigh God we can try either
here or Walter here it's all our hero
will tour
got a peek a search on here then I just
press on the one and wait 20 seconds and
that's how it's done it's pretty easy
the iphone is a little it it's a more
different and be a little more advanced
so yeah that's quite that thank you for
your for your watching and please
subscribe and thumbs up for this video
well see you next time